= omniauth-dropbox (Under Development!)

This gem contains the Dropbox strategy for OmniAuth.

Dropbox uses the OAuth 1.0a flow, you can read about it here: https://www.dropbox.com/developers/start/authentication#ruby

== How To Use It

Usage is as per any other OmniAuth 1.0 strategy. So let's say you're using Rails, you need to add the strategy to your Gemfile:

  gem 'omniauth-dropbox'

You can pull them in directly from github e.g.:

  gem 'omniauth-dropbox', :git => 'https://github.com/metamn/omniauth-dropbox.git'

Once these are in, you need to add the following to your config/initializers/omniauth.rb:

  Rails.application.config.middleware.use OmniAuth::Builder do
    provider :dropbox, "app_key", "app_secret" 
  end

You will obviously have to put in your key and secret, which you get when you register your app with Dropbox.

If you are using Devise check out the wiki: https://github.com/plataformatec/devise/wiki/OmniAuth:-Overview

Now just follow the README at: https://github.com/intridea/omniauth

== Contributing to omniauth-dropbox
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 metamn. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

